# Script for release v0.4.0

## Introduction

Hi there! We’re excited to introduce the fourth release of Operately, the open
source startup operating system.

In this release, we’re introducing document management, improving the homepage
and space dashboards, and introducing new roles for account administration.
Let’s dig in.

---

## New Homepage

First, let’s start with the new homepage:

As you can see, we’ve rebuilt the homepage for clarity. You’ll see all your
spaces laid, together with the people who are part of them.

On the bottom of the page, you’ll see a feed of all the activity happening in
your company. All your team’s updates, project progress, and goal completions
stream into this feed. No digging required.

---

## Space Dashboard

Next, let’s visit the marketing page to see the new space dashboard:

We’ve redesigned the space dashboard to give you a better overview of what’s
happening in your space.

The new dashboard provides a snapshot of all the projects, goals, discussions,
and documents in the space, so you can quickly see what’s going on and where you
need to focus your attention.

On the bottom of the page all your team’s updates, project progress, and goal
completions that belong to the space, stream into the activity feed.

---

## New Sections on the Space Dashboard

### Goals & Projects

Goals & Projects should be two sides of the same coin. Goals are the outcomes
you want to achieve, and Projects are the work you need to do to get there.

In Operately v0.4, we’ve unified Goals & Projects into a single view, so you can
see how they relate to each other and track progress more easily.

---

### Discussions

Let’s go back to the space dashboard, and explore discussions:

Think of discussions as your team's living knowledge base—every conversation,
decision, and insight lives right where your work happens, making it easy to
stay on the same page and move projects forward.

Unlike endless chat threads or buried email chains, discussions in Operately
keep everything organized and accessible within your space, right next to your
goals and projects.

---

### Draft Messages

New in this release are draft messages:

Often you need multiple passes to get a message just right, or you need to
collaborate with your team before sending it. You can now save messages as
drafts, review them with your team before sending, or come back to them later
and finish them.

---

### Documents & Files

Let’s go back to the space dashboard, and explore documents and files:

Docs and files are completely new in Operately.

Every space now has a dedicated Docs & Files section. You can create, upload,
and organize documents right where your team is working. No more searching
through email threads or Slack channels to find that one document you need.

Your documents live where the work happens.

---

## Account Management Improvements

Finally, I want to show you improvements that we made for account management.

We have split the role of Company Admin into two separate roles: **Admins** and
**Owner**.

- The **Admin** role is perfect for users who need to manage the day-to-day
  operations of your Operately account. - They can invite new users, adjust
  company settings, adjust profiles of employees, and offboard users who are no
  longer with the company. - The role is perfect for HR, IT, Security,
  Compliance, and other roles that need to manage the account.
- The **Owner** role is for the person who has ultimate control over the account.
  They can do everything an admin can do, plus they can delete the account and
  manage admins and owners. Owners have full and direct access to all data in
  the account, including private spaces, projects, and goals.

---

## Conclusion

That’s a wrap on Operately version zero-point-four!

This release focuses on document management, improving the homepage and space
dashboards, and introducing new roles for account administration.

Operately is open source and available under the Apache 2.0 license. We’re
excited to build a community of early adopters and contributors.

**Here’s how you can get involved and help shape the future of Operately:**

- Star the repository on GitHub to show your support and help us gain visibility
- Join our Discord server to connect with the team and other community members -
  Contribute by submitting bug reports, feature requests, or code on GitHub -
  Spread the word: Share Operately with your network

We hope you enjoy using Operately as much as we enjoy building it.

Stay tuned for our next release!
