# Script for release v1.1.0

## Introduction

Hi there! We're excited to introduce Operately version 1.1.

This release brings a completly redesigned project page, comprehensive task
management for project execution, and Alfred, an AI executive coach. We've also
added SMTP email delivery for self-hosted installations and improved file sorting
capabilities. Let's dive in.

---

## Redesigned Project Pages: Everything in one place

First, let's explore the completely redesigned Project Pages

The new project pages bring together all project details – description,
milestones, tasks, contributors, discussions, and activity – into a single,
unified interface. You can easily view project status, monitor progress against
milestones, and access all related conversations without switching between
different screens.

The new layout makes it easier to understand project scope, identify what needs
attention, and see who's responsible for each aspect of the work. Everything you
need to manage your projects is now organized in a clean, intuitive interface.

---

## Task Management: Break projects into actionable steps

Next, let's look at the ntask management system.

All projects now include a dedicated Tasks tab where you can break down your
projects into specific, actionable tasks and track their completion with
dedicated task workflows.

You can create and organize tasks within projects, assign them to team members
with clear ownership, set due dates and priorities for better planning, and
track task status from creation to completion.

This bridges the gap between high-level project planning and day-to-day
execution. While projects define what you're building and why, tasks define the
specific steps needed to get there. Team members can now see exactly what they
need to work on and when, making project execution more predictable and
organized.

---

## Meet Alfred: Your AI Executive Coach

Now, let's introduce Alfred – your company's AI executive coach, available in
beta.

Alfred reviews your goals and projects, spots gaps, and provides clear,
actionable feedback that helps instill the operational discipline many startups
lack.

Alfred analyzes your work structure and provides insights on goal alignment and
clarity across teams, project scope and resource allocation, potential risks and
dependencies, progress patterns and bottlenecks, and strategic gaps in your work
map.

This AI coach helps leadership teams make better decisions by surfacing insights
that might otherwise go unnoticed. Since Alfred is still in beta, we're actively
gathering feedback to refine its capabilities and ensure it delivers meaningful
value to teams of every size.

## Conclusion

That's a wrap on Operately version 1.1! This release continues our momentum from
v1.0, adding powerful new capabilities that make project execution more
effective and strategic planning more intelligent.

Operately remains open source and available under the Apache 2.0 license.

**Here's how you can get involved and help shape the future of Operately:**

- Star the repository on GitHub to show your support and help us gain visibility

- Join our Discord server to connect with the team and other community members
- Contribute by submitting bug reports, feature requests, or code on GitHub
- Share Operately with your network and help us grow

Thank you to everyone who continues to contribute feedback, bug reports, feature
suggestions, and code. Your contributions help make Operately better for
everyone.

We hope you enjoy using Operately v1.1 as much as we enjoyed building it!
